Update 'code sample' to 'connector' for connectors (#563)
quixio/quix-samples: python/destinations/websocket/README.md

# Websocket Destination

> This connector demonstrates how to consume data from a Kafka topic using QuixStreams and send it to connected WebSocket clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This connector demonstrates how to consume data from a Kafka topic using Quix Streams and send it to connected WebSocket clients.
```
